Within this federation config,
this is essentially hard-coded, and
the idea would be,
let's make this dynamic.
How would we do that?
So, thank you for asking,
I have some ideas.
We're going to delete this, so
we're removing essentially this hard
coded reference to this micro front end,
and so now we've kind of disconnected it.
Then what we're gonna do is
inside of the assets folder,
we're going to create a file, and
we're going to call this modul-
Federation.
>> Yep, federation, it's F-E-D-E-R.
>> Well that's just how
we say it in the South.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Federation, that's how my memo said it.
So we are going to add in,
I think this also shares port 4201,
I'm hoping, this just breaks,
I'm going to just go eat and
fix after lunch.
So we've created a manifest and
now we're pointing to an actual,
not just a name that's being mapped
to something inside of the project
is we're actually pointing to a URL,
this is important.
Then from there, we need to update
our main.ts to be dynamic.
Right now this is pretty boring.
So instead what we're gonna do is,
this actually reads pretty well,
we are going to go and
get the manifest that we just created.
And we're gonna then
take those definitions,
send it into setRemoteDefinitions,
which I'm sure does something
magical under the hood, and
from there, then we're bootstrapping.
So we're just adding this exchange
kind of from the beginning.
We've already removed
the static reference, and so
we have one last thing that we need to do,
and I really hope this works.
We need to go back to
our remote entry routes.
Or actually, sorry, my bad,
this is in the workshop routes.
I believe, is this right?
Yes, all right.
So what we're doing here is we need
to change this call right here,
so we're going to load remote module.
This one is just dying, all right.
Wait, it was sessions.
I do this every time,
all right, my apologies.
LoadChildren, then there we go, sessions.
I think we're almost there.
Then, what's this thing so upset about?
Come on.
All right, I think maybe,
just maybe, yes, fingers crossed,
I thought you were like,
get on the ceiling, all right.
All right.
The strangest cuts out it didn't work and
I rage quit,
you should you should actually
get the that overlay when
they cut a stream off
like the old-fashioned
television, it's like, Lucas just quit,.
Should I?
Why am I so scared right now?
It's because I'm just desperate for
you guys' approval.
I busted it, what's happening?
4201, I'm going to spend
30 seconds looking at this,
and then, Is it sessions?
So, in this case it was
a sequencing problem and
I'm still working out
the handshake on this a little bit.
But I am going to start
up the remote first,
and I really hope this
works cuz I would hate to
have to disappear for another 10 years.
And we just pull this over
into another window, so
you can see here sessions is deployed
independently on port 4205.
Hop into another tab, and
then I'm going to serve the workshops.
This is certainly a case
of art imitating life,
as I am indeed serving the workshop
as I serve the workshop.
And so now you can see then I'm able
to toggle between the two sessions.